>> Jem Young: All right, this is it.
We're in the home stretch now.
We've built our server,
we just installed Node.
So now we wanna get Node up and running.
We wanna allow it to accept requests and
handle them appropriately.
And then we wanna keep it running in the
background, then we wanna use some sort of
version control to make sure that we can
rollback at anytime if we make mistakes.
Let's talk about, briefly,
application architecture.
If you ask me what the difference
is between a senior engineer and
a junior engineer,
I'd say it's about architecture.
It's not about code,
it's about the architecture.
Cuz in the long run, it's the architecture
and application that will get you.
It's how you arrange your files,
how you arrange your code.
That sort of thing is we're thinking about
long-term maintainability versus just,
I'm a hacker who solves bugs every day.
That's more like a junior engineer,
senior engineers think long-term.
So when we set up an application
architecture, remember, it will live for
a long time, maybe years.
So you want to make sure it's set up
in a way that makes sense to you and
everybody can agree on.
Because migrating files is not fun,
[LAUGH] it is painful.
Actually, I just gave a talk not
too long ago about using code mods,
cuz I had to rewrite a bunch
of JavaScript code, and
using code mods is an efficient
way of doing that.
There's probably a class on that.
If there's not a class on code mods,
it's worth taking.
It's more advanced, but there's a class
on that and I'll link to that as well.
But in terms of basic application
architecture, if you're talking about
your most simplest, basic architecture,
this is probably a good setup.
You may disagree, and that's fine.
This is the one I usually use.
So I use ui, and then I use css, js, html.
Then outside of ui, I use helpers, utils.
Maybe something for authentication.
If I ever want to talk to database,
I put all that outside UI.
But I try to constrain it within
the folders that they represent.
This doesn't seem like a big deal, but in
the long run, if you're making a brand new
application and you turn into a business,
your architecture will catch up to you.
Much like Facebook depended early
days on PHP, and it turns out,
people don't like PHP.
But now they have they
created an entire compiler so
people can still write PHP to
compile to something else,
because of these early decisions
that they made early on.
I worked at a startup in New York,
which decided to use Google Closure.
So not the J, the S,
the really kind of obscure language
that Google developed internally.
And because this person and I worked at
Google, we saw to use Google Closure.
And we paid for that later
because no one uses Closure, and
[LAUGH] I had to look stuff
up that didn't exist.
So all I'm saying is part of full
stack is you have to make the decision
about your application.
The stack that you're gonna use.
The code you're gonna use.
And think about, can other people use it?
Or are you just using
it because it's cool?
Are you just using Rust or something,
that not many people know?
Or Haskell?
Or Lisp?
[LAUGH] Or some sort of list language.
Which is cool to you, but if you're gonna
on-board 20 people, do they know Lisp?
Do they understand your
application architecture?
If you say, the tests are over here and
the code is over here, and
it all makes sense to you, think
about how other people use your code.
Sorry, I know I'm going on
about architecture, but
this stuff is really important,
it's something we don't think about a lot.
But set your code up in
the way that you want.
And you'll see it's a lot easier when you
think in terms of this sort of structure.